chore: add button WC spec (#2844)
microsoft/fast-dna: specs/button.md

# Button

## Overview

The button component represent an control that should invoke an action or perform a navigation.

### Use Cases
- Creating simple button or link elements

### Non-goals
- Complex or compisite buttons (like split button)
- Inline "hypertext" anchor
  - This component will expose a base class that a "hypertext" component can leverage, but the component itself is not in the scope of the button.
  
### Features
- Can represent either a hyperlink or a button
- Appearances including "lightweight", "justified", "outline", "primary" and "stealth"
  - I'm proposing droping "justified" because this is a simple matter of removing starting padding.

### Risks and Challenges

> Prior implementations of button provide the oppertunity to create a `button` element or an `a` element. The `button` element is a form-associated element but the `a` element is not. If we expose a single polymophic button component that can represent both a `button` and an `a` - we need to figure out how to only form-associate the `button`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior implementations of button provide the opportunity to create a `button` element or an `a` element. The `button` element is a form-associated element but the `a` element is not. If we expose a single polymorphic button component that can represent both a `button` and an `a` - we need to figure out how to only form-associate the `button`.
```

Button also supports a number of appearance options. Ideally these using one of these appearances does not incur the debt of the others, including recipe registrations and CSS bloat.

### Prior Art/Examples
- [FAST DNA React](https://explore.fast.design/components/button)
- [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/components/buttons/)
- [Lightning Design System](https://www.lightningdesignsystem.com/components/buttons/)
- [Carbon Design](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/button/code)
- [Ant Design](https://ant.design/components/button/)
- [Atlassian](https://atlaskit.atlassian.com/packages/core/button)
- [Office Fabric](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/fabric#/controls/web/button)
- [Windows (UWP)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uwp/design/controls-and-patterns/buttons)

---

## Design
The library would expose 8 custom element definitions: 
1. `fast-button-lightweight`
2. `fast-button-outline`
3. `fast-button-primary`
4. `fast-button-stealth`
5. `fast-anchor-lightweight`
6. `fast-anchor-outline`
7. `fast-anchor-primary`

> 8. `fast-anchor-stealth`

Author: yep! That is exactly the reason and I think we could benefit from a solution like you're proposing, not just for this but also for attaching high-contrast stylesheet based on matchMedia.

> 8. `fast-anchor-stealth`

Reviewer 2: 10000% onboard with all this

> 8. `fast-anchor-stealth`

Reviewer 3: Ok, adding writing up a proposal issue to my todo list. I'll start with some very basic infrastructure pretty close to above. @nicholasrice and @chrisdholt can pile on to that issue with scenarios, to help ensure the low-level API supports the variety of use cases you all know about.

My assumption is we can start with a simple registry and some basic APIs for adding things by name and removing them. We could look at some functionality for lazy loading as well. That would require a bit more thought.

> 8. `fast-anchor-stealth`

Author: perfect - thanks Rob!

> 8. `fast-anchor-stealth`

Author: Updated the spec to plan for this - we'll export two elements with an appearance property. For now we'll have some un-used CSS but it should be relatively minor

> 8. `fast-anchor-stealth`

Reviewer 3: Here's the propose for the styles registry feature: https://github.com/microsoft/fast-dna/issues/2849

6. `fast-anchor-outline`
7. `fast-anchor-primary`
8. `fast-anchor-stealth`

All "button" components will be form-associated and support all methods and attributes of the [button](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button) element.

All "anchor" components will support all methods and attributes of the [anchor](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a) element.

### API
- [button]([button](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button))
- [anchor](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a)

### Anatomy and Appearance
#### Button
```html
<host>
  <slot name="before"></slot>
  <slot></slot>
  <slot name="after"></slot>
</host>
```
#### Anchor
```html
<host>
  <a> <!-- focus defered to this element -->
    <slot name="before"></slot>
    <slot></slot>
    <slot name="after"></slot>
  </a>
</host>
```

- *Slot Names*
  - before: the content to place before the primary content
  - default: the element's content
  - after: the content to place after the primary content

### Accessibility
Button elements will appear utilize the button role and will behave as the native `button` element.

> Anchor elements will function slightly differently to preserve some of the native capabilities that come from anchors like opening anchors in new tabs, opening anchors in new tabs without navigating to them, and the augmented command menu that gets opened when right+clicking an anchor. They will create an *internal* anchor element to which attributes will get reflected. Focus will also be defered to this element.

Reviewer 2: One question on the accessibility portion here. We have typically used two controls for anchors depending on the use case:

1. Hypertext - meant to be inline with text anchor styled to comply with WCAG 2.1 AA contrast requirements (two visual distinction points with text)
2. "Button" - meant to be used independently

My assumption is that #1 above is not included here and would be a non-goal? Should we include there or call out this scenario somewhere else in the spec?

Author: Yea it is a non-goal. I'm going to create the base-class that can be shared across both 1 & 2 though since the implementation will be the same (different templates though). I can add the "hypertext" component as a non-goal that should leverage the underlying ES6 class.

Reviewer 2: sweet!
